BiPolar _Biparite_Parity_Morse_Command_Control_XORORDERAndChosEncoding_07FEB2026
-------------------
OK, let's start. This is Joe is. The Hobbit. I don't know. What is the job out this video is about? Yes, the bipartisan.,nd and control system. The boot is here. Suffering so. I'm going to be working on the board but I've been looking on people too. So, you know, we're working on both axis of the model here. But then obviously my face, yeah, yeah. So I can see the boat half an abort, half of the paper. Uh, kinda booty scene. Bored. As you can see, the bull just unified title now. So. So this is listening to. Here. OK. So it's on bipolar? Bypasses party.,nds.,nd sequences so. So who's gonna budget definition of the system of doing only what was really going to work on? Let's start doing it properly. The. Bipolar. So, OK, so you have so bipolar means you have two sides going to be alive. You cannot be entered. Enter. Eggs. Too short enough, so we,nd to Bipolar is 2. But you know my interview exit, so almost there is not part of we shall enter or exit. Think of it as,nds and talk. Close. Open the file or close a file. But I'm going to give you a solution to the solar system because, well, undefinednder, just two things. Doesn't need to redo something in the system so so it's bipolar. It's 212121,nd. So enter it. Open. Oh God, he's adept example, but will show you probably have to go see go bipolar definition of by product. So is this the bipolar is order or chaos Bipolar can be order or chaos. It's an arrow system. So other other chaos you have those two bipolar. Of adults said alive or dead. You have to bypass, bypass graft of gross of bipolar systems. So we have a dog abroad like open close. Until you know, stocks stop. So I'm going to start with a graph example. Which is probably good start, but you know, I'm going to make it an artist issues. So I'm going really good about the mind anyway. So you gotta you gotta. Known to the DFA. We have been on computer vision because with all the difference you have an MDF, HDF, A. So you know I will start to give example on the system more formally. So I will use this kind of way so have. So. System of. I love tennis so. Show useful book or show you suggest. Oh yes, three pictures let's users chess. No people just tennis 'cause you know, just using two different as well. From zero. So schools from zero to a set of 222 so you 2 digital test. Which is 1 set, I mean two games once you have 00015. 30. 45 and then not on point mark point I did three games of tennis, three games, so you get one point so. Two games, two games here, so you know, so so if you have two opponents. And the. We have a cold, cold school of school. Charlie or 0000. Or through the rest of two points, two games. The kind of a risk. To do some. Now. DFS that is biotite bar Parker. So it just means you can have two different models order. So we're going to have stayed machine start, stop, open, close. Enter or exit So stop until August. So basically open and close. So this can give you a resume statement but obviously the start date is listening machine stops. You got the standard stop still machine which is the arrow. Circle circle intersection Enter or enter stop So please stop So we start from here. Are you have game listed game of A. Oh I'm busy, I'm streaming not routing number working made. We can't have you do this when I'm working on so maybe I can't help you. I'm busy myself made. I'm sorry I can't help you mean. So you have this model here. So stay or play or Alice Alice, Alice to end on Barkley 2 games are these wins. So I'm getting some schools up now this part is 00 unless unless that the first game let's get. This team. 00. 30. 30. 0. 30. Christine. For the farm. 30. One long. 101. And basically these two games have. Read lights start so this is This is the Alice Bob game one Game 1. So Alice wins by for the five under 1.00. So at this point is 15. Or both .20 at this point is 30. At this point is. Well, 14. 25 Four Point 4.0. This is Christine bodies zero what? ISIS 13? Probably 0 when ISIS 44th. 404040. More point so Steam. When Alice is for the five most point is. Well, will also receive touching. I would like it would file. Witnesses are 45 seven 4545. 4 point is sterling when Alice is. Phone. 451 point is .0. So Alice was one game, one concern. So the basically the sequence instructions are. As we move into it, but this is going to have to so you should have switched off sick. So the first is 1 by Alex. So how does want to sleep? You have Start Stop, which is so using we use again, you have to restart it just restarted, restart, restart, restart. But you have some sort of. Let me give thoughts. You have 100, so Alice, Alice to Bob. Alex Bulb has two machines, so Alice gave it goes like 15. 15. I'm there to see it. 15345 for the fight for the final SO 1530. For the 404, the 404, the 401. On this other side above, Dunkin stores 00. 15. Story. 30. 00 so we understand why this is so. Alice Alice Alice stock. So basically they all start and stop start. So within 000 is tops. Starts starts talking positively. The bar contribution is start stops. So this is all the stuff we don't stop older stuff like you know, it's like a good start because you know, in the real world. So to start again. Some of this will stop. With this, Order starts. You have a chaos start, and here's the chaos stop. Kill stop the this Nokia stock so basically it notice darkest of our 2 based on the rules central system. So yes work would also actually data they actually have partial transition social needs to happen so this social concern. So when Bob Hazell weather when do we see changes for Alice? Alice at the entrance code enter, enter and so Alice enter. At least enter. Alice. Alice. Enter. A list enter, so Alice enters, enters enters 3 times so quickly, so the code will be 3 tests 3D 3834 hours, 2 hours for other so for others. Three people so far, 3 easy. I'm done. Oh no, yes, so. And so. So and so. Enter. Enter. Enter not into interim president. So yeah, so 3 E Bob disappoint 12SO2 enters 2E2. The two edges mean the Highlands is 2 points and that is 1530 and then 1530. The. Of female 30 and 45 or 40. Victory 4040, then 45. So I think it's three points in 30 or 40 or this trick is to recordings of three points 1530 or 45, three to four days to think 30. Oh. Well that's entirely UN turning sorry. Within 30. And so these two actors, 2 actors, not great. The 30 in 3rd and then you get for the five. So some of this bulb comes to get 3 Alice Alice version of points. One is it. But you know, 'cause you know, there's no, there's no point taking away from Alice where you get the exact opposites. So just 15. 15 So from their own from dealt you have 1530. 1530. What is 4014? With five foot file, so Bob gets a 2 actors of three, so you get 2 inches to two enters. Both have the same measure of points when I say point. So with sequences the sequences. Basically Alice, Alice Alice has sweeties series. Oh. For every. And then followed by. Blvd. Bus to east. Bumps to use. Two enters of points, so be it, So a A2 E. Alice come up B2 E so Bob. Bob is now at 1430153030. Oh no. Focus now at 153030. No, what has three is after Alice. Two years in 1415. 153015. Want to know is 2 into two in? In the book and then for the five, so and then I would get. Oh. One more in so there will be two or less to eat and then Alice. He at least one one answer, so Alice now including suffered 5. 45452 equals 3, so Alice goes at this point goes from. Oh. To eat. So the alternative points above those two into the points and then Alice gets 3D. So I was here. I was just. Three men. 01234 Alice get to eat 2 or so number obviously. Because you just three 'cause it's just 40, so Alice gets 3 is to get the two one match from one match one point. So basically 'cause you get fully in there, so you know, so basically #40 finger. So Alice gets 16304045 for 15304040 and this gets stream darling and don't get fired so Alex 45. And then Bob Gates for 40 for 5:50, so you know. Stop doing this at least one game or the first game. So that's how that works. So mathematically it makes sense for the system. Basically just showing on the board. So this person sees since we got here. Oh can you see it goes crazy does and so exit. So you get enter, you get exempt open you have clothes and start your stop. And this is the machine model for barter system. So when Alice has its own 2 entries. Through to two inches of starts 2 entries of stop Alison Bob Bob 0 so 2 E to make up the 153040 to 44512345 to get five points before you get to 1 so you have the encoding sikis. Sequence so the sequence of instruction sets have two E, then Bob has three Bob, Alice gets the final three encoding 3 enters of scores so the interest in the state of the programme via the testing system, which basically. I get to open and close the file and Start Stop. So give now stops and there's a whole today stops. But when it stops and it's finished, it's finished. This situation is finished. You get a reset of the states, you get restart, restart and then don't give up. Some say the same thing happens but. Opposite. So now Bob no Bob gets some points are basically now gets the same sequence on the same sequence of autistic was between or Bob and Alice. You know, have to stand. You now have to stand. So it goes. So you know how to stamp that. You know there is no one to one mapping off by party rules. You know, so they can be either order. Or chaos or chaos or order these drinks disorder or chaos, disorder, chaos or order occurs. Or two, this little holder chaos and disorder or disorder. So Mr system works mathematically this can be framed as like this to work like this. So this will work like this. So I'm not right down here. So you have a sender and receiver but half a standard? Let's hope you have so you have. Read, read, read if you can read them right because you know if you have a read write stream RWX V rescue trip. I have half our. Articles. So. Oh. A rush OF0R equals r = W = r right shift 2. You have asked equals. Oh. Of our white shift full folk Russian folk this is basically how this works in practise in computer science so you can have this model computer but to another most bizarre is right shift 11 so I was actually 11 resource. The office will reach not or also reduced answer, right. You know, an extra execute. So basically you're trying to encode it into an exclusive system. If it's really right with our operations can perform if you perform reconfirm right, there's a bar partick system, so you can perform read performer, right. So so you know, it's basically to understand how you do this. Romantically on the calculator is like this. Take take a three, three binary numbers 3. Let's take 8 bits, 8 bits. It with you have a flag to flag for read, write, execute. So this will be a flag. The flag the flag. So if you have a flag which is an operational performance flag, the funds already encoded in the system. Computer regulation frogs of RWX which argues up now, so you have a really special stream of information. In binary on your half a flag RWF. So you enable read liberal right? And you enable execution in this kind of regular special model of the system. But you can have this very special model, we can have this. Was a standard relaxation, but you can have this another way. Don't want to show you is basically destroy system is basically are disjoint. You can have this as a piper which is best way. So how does how it works on the way I storage basically are? WX pipe so the pipe operation being on the so you get RWX which is a vector. So you get a vector here of RWS. Also can goes, it's kind of like a dark, so just kind of right, but too late. So. You have to have a read of RWX which means a read, write, execute. But these are all encodings so you have right meaning read. 02/2 are left shifter 2 two Russian. So you get our our price of 2. So if R is the number one one right shift if you get 00 on being the encoding of Reid of Reid. Articles usual one, which means you have the number one in binary, the right shift the the weight. No, no, basically I mean you do Russians so busy the the right shift number which is the left. So we will use the the not the last shift to not drive shaft to Russia. So this will be left shifts to left shift left one that features the left will be to that would be so our, our, our, our read of ramp. As usual, become left shift which would become 110. 100 and this so our nose 1 resulted in our will be are the white of Reed will be when are always 100 this would become. 1. Just so you don't get 100 so once those who will not become 1001000 so 123456. So you have all our become the little number or hesitation about of 01/1. Zoo Woman. So 0 won't become one. So in binary, in chemical in binary and binary you get 100 and 100 will become. So you have a 001. You have right shift of. 001. Jumong. Those who won. Those who want. 001. Oh, Russia one. You get a owner shift love you want. Oh let's have two so we get 00. 001. Don't forget. Zoom. 0001 left shift to become. Last shift. Not sure. To come. Oh, OK, I see. Let you one or two. So you have 001. Left shift. Oh. 01. 1. 001 'cause you get a number, this number one left shift one left ship, this number of two, you get folks this before, so this one comes four and then you now have number 44 right, So right, right will come forward. No, no, basically this rights has now flip. So you have now aligned with the post of now you know how opposite. So you know you know writing some so you know you're right and you have to start from this Pope. So this is you start. So this poll represents price operations and this would be so this paper is like so if you read him. You consuming, if you're writing you're you're sending, you sending some, you have to have a different location. So if I do. Oh fine, half hour XW pipe. Pipe and I put a. Hello. Oh. Of residence time. A good sign greeted less than. Agree to them. Or equal to sign. Here you are, you are, you are reading, your writing, your reading, reading, reading. So I'm pushing within the sign on the right side. This means I'm writing. I'm writing to something. If I put it on the sofa, puts a pipe operator and we decide this time, right. If I'm writing, so if I'm writing so it's alright. Alright, pipe. Right pipe right I'm writing so this risky. If I start so the metric submissions the read, write execute. But if I have write just write a pipe. Agreements and I'm just writing if I've read dinner right reason right here. So it's a read RRRR for read W4 right on the bottom and execute for discussion. So let's use a stable surface. So you have 4 now, so right across the four. So really, really cool. #4 when it's encoded as a security instruction, so this number 4 has a weight and now which is the weight of a graph, we can be just a read, read the weight of a relocation to sort of arbitrary function function. This function function on there you go, read rights. A weed wise and execute so you get real right so really pose for Araujo 1 because once you know and now right 100. All 100100. R100R4R. Awful so this numbers hope Awful so one becomes 4 so 4 will be less. This though is our our shifted 2 are will be one but one will be 1 so 1 shifted 4 times. Love you too. I love you 4 times or give you a 16 so right equals 16. So this code so you have 1615 or 16 bits of data now 15 bits of data. It's according to be in each according to but you can use. I'm clicking some coming here and busy maybe stop disturbing me. Could you come in here looking in something? Sorry about that. Are you have? Oh, read. Oh really? So if you have our one. See if you have one. Warm 1. So ownership. Left shift. One left shift. A fool, you know, retribution. So one lesson 4 so you know, thinking about. Oh no, so sorry. No, no. So which services right. So I'm not device. So you have to have the right. So if the right is to read is right. So plus 1616. 1616 will be 16 bits of data for 16 were basically because of rights for article 16 still encoding table 16 are bits of data 16 left shift, left shift. Of. 4 left shipped 1-2 and three. OK, let's shift. Let's use 1-2 and three. Still, sister should 3. Not full will be wanting to date. So you have the colour table for r = 416 and 128 bits of data. So basically you can now have this mapping properly. So for bits of data is good enough for system to include information and you get the polar opposite, so the polar opposites. Will be, uh, if you can open a file, for example, if you can. So basically what we've done here is encoding the system. So, you know, so you need, you need a full bits of data orbitals 44 segment of space in bids to have a pipe and a read, read, write, read. So this is to read. Hype read pipe rights right on with this time you have right pipe. Are going to that time or go to them and you have execute pipe with them. So this is good tables of spiral structure, but the quality was agreed to come round the code. So if you have a Cisco bottom or model and you had read write, execute, you know. A good half are reading and writing evaluation. Execute. You know, this is, this is disjoint. There's no relationship between price and this key. No, there's no, you know, you know you can't. You know, you know. So what do you want this ship? So reduce the standards for the reasons of redistribution. So this was just a read. If you're if you're reading and writing, you can execute really come right. And if you can write and execute, but the points one way. It's gonna be You can execute but you know if you want to .1 way or the other. How to write a script so really is at the root node? On the right and then it points to write and write it in one note and you have executes basically one would actually, but obviously we'd write an SQ permission 3. So left node is root read right, left, right. Left node is rude note, right node is right and left node is executed. So if you want to execute a data you have to look at the 108 bit segment. So I ordered this segment. So this all segmented because those are those are project. So this point to point you three things. But the segment is so you have to look at the right place to execute condition. So for example, if I'm for the telescope for this could be hard the first game first. Was. Executions you have 3. You have 3. We have a a. 163040. Christine touching. Well, we have a. He was in prison. She have two answers. 2 answers or point. Alright, to Alex. So unless you could do to be will be. Right, right to eat. Right to eat way too according of Alice internist point. So it's now at 153014 so 1530 and focused so right. Three enter of course. So under 15342 dummies, bulbs are 00000 and then Bob Gass 15. But just 15 so. Bogus, bogus study. The bunkers falling 40. A-40 then allocates 45 and one. So this is quite right to begin and then bubble right? His enters will be 1530 and 40 so. A British resident borrows 2D1513, so break 2T15304332E3. Address to eat soon coding so they will become 1234 fifth 30 three or three 3 answers or three east or three. He both enters the code. Bob is writing to a system on the fly. Sources 30153014. On this photo will be. Alice is a. Alice is point of 14 so Allison between our .40 now so 40 so Bob. The World 1534 to five, so the future is 1414, so Bowser, 1414. Bob is affordable, has 1530 foot problems. 3 enters 3 letters so Alice now had these two more points to get above so Alice. Almost done. Oh, sorry about it. So I just need to have three so right? Too, So it's not restaurants to eat. Adobe 40 and 4545 this is just like 45 are the 1 so it's just one point 1.1 point. Points is Alice is 1/2 bulbs 4041 match point to Alice. So this much point to Alice is district. So this how this works. So the digital existing or he can't see these guys, but you see. Windows. This week is the special concern for this we consider see here. So the full thing is here here. So the food is. As you can see, we started from read, write and execute, but separated operations from operators. So basically the sparse model form of separating contains. But you know, it was 'cause it's like fancy guys, you know? This is good. Phone. Right of three to Alex. Now this mysterious space which contains 8 for 16 and 100 to 8. Four 16180 here. Because of read, write, execute you have redress cubes in that sequence is a sequence because the serious models in parallel, but its distance. We have history model here, but it wants to get some bulbs in council writes Alice tickets. So as far as 3/3 so seriously P3. Both 3 Alice 2IN analysis with 1.1 match point and that's why. Oh, this is a bipolar order order order and chaos is the ratio of the system. So that means like the re global we wanted, we got the order, but you know, we want to mention resume 1. So if so, if Alice is ordered, for example. This one she has order, but the risk of order two bulbs, this order is really some really one last 13122 wins. 2 Rights 2 Rights 2. So listen, you have a total that only 123. 0123. So we have a total of five points. So you have you have to say this is this is the sequence is divided by the sort of series series. And now be all of our sequence is supposed to be 3 + 3 plus 6666 centres. In total. Not a fan into the total. A rise of a run over 5 inches for Alice Orbital score points. Uh, over Alice over minus range minus. The truth of the total number number will be how many answers 123? A5 inches. She kept 5 inches, you get 6. 78815 is. This one is 5. 85678 is 3 so it's 3 / 8 so to all there will be 3 / 2 tomorrow again which is one point which is 1234 hours champ. So 3 / 10 is a low order. So basically 3 / 10. It was the 10 divided by 12343 to have a 12345672 divided by. 07 to seven games. By 7, so the total of the system. Uh. So we try to order order system so that we we don't six games Season 2. 7 The measurement of order or disorder will be it's not suitable. 7 this ratio of order. So this basically bobs busy she's 7. Is 2 / 7, is 3 / 7 no. 3 Normal computer standard. 3 / 7 is 0.283.0. Full 285 or 3.42. 09 so basically Bob how Alice has a great robot order so in the next game 0.4 to Bluetooth. 3 / 3 / 7 so this is basically chaos already killed. Sorting this location is not halfway, but the ratio actually is concluded to to 0.42. This means that there's definitely there's an order ratio orders them as expressing our spacing disorder in a game. But basically dimension give 3 model invented to them. So basically super 439 percent 5 is even halfway between order and chaos and discuss whether Dallas join has failed. Her to give her various issues. Also Alice is I'm suffering in the framework of organisers. Our mission was just playing a hard game, hard life. Thank you guys for watching the video. Let's just hope he wants relations when we did this might be trying to journal. I'm sort of water, but you know, I don't just Get Me Out of here. Just getting out of here. Thank you for watching this video.

Speechnotes :) https://speechnotes.co